what is it um he still up I couldn't
really get to sleep well in that case
you want some company for a little while
okay then just for a little while so are
you nervous
not tomorrow the Battle of Carters
I will
her she be
doesn't bother you
fighting with Coty's yeah I mean he's
your father right isn't it kind of
difficult to face him the fact that he's
my father still hasn't sunk in when I
stop and think about it it does seem
like he helped me out a lot along the
way but he also betrayed us and put us
through hell so accepting the fact that
he's my father is harder to deal with in
the fact that I have to fight him
I see
you know still a little envious what no
no I was abandoned as a child so I'm not
a clue who my parents are
I thought about what it would be like if
I was in your place you know for my
parent was my enemy and yet still came
to my aid I think I'd just be all
confused
I'm confused too even now
so when I imagined about fighting my own
father tomorrow
I got really frightened
you did it dork
you don't have to put yourself in my
shoes that much you know I know but
either way you'll be crazy I couldn't
take it anyway that's how I felt so I
thought maybe your films away
thank sooner
say you're planning to do after this
after this
when the worlds are reunited our journey
will be over right so it then well I
think I want to go on a journey to
collect all the ex fears oh that's a
good idea
okay
come along with you
you don't have to go back to music
I wouldn't want to be with you sure I
want to be with you too
then it's settled okay
you can't change your mind now they're
going together on a journey to collect
all the experiment well yeah that way no
more people will fall victim to the ex
fears and these things will never be
dragged into a conflict like this again
to promise if you don't keep it I'm
going to invoke the musical tradition of
making a liar swallow a thousand meals
well okay
okay I promise